1.Is js complied or Interpreted language
JavaScript is both interpreted and compiled—not purely one or the other.
Traditionally, JavaScript was considered an interpreted language because it was executed line-by-line in browsers.
Modern JavaScript engines like V8 (used in Chrome and Node.js) actually compile JavaScript just-in-time (JIT) before running it.
What really happens:
Your JS code is first parsed.
Then it's compiled into optimized machine code (JIT compilation).
Then it’s executed.


2.call by value vs call by reference
🔹 Call by Value
A copy of the actual value is passed to the function. Changes inside the function do NOT affect the original variable.

function changeValue(x) {
    x = x + 10;
}
let a = 5;
changeValue(a);
console.log(a); // 5 (no change)

Why?
x gets a copy of a
Modifying x does not touch a
👉 Think of it like giving someone a photocopy of a document.

🔹 Call by Reference
A reference (address) of the variable is passed. Changes inside the function DO affect the original variable.
function changeValue(obj) {
    obj.value = obj.value + 10;
}
let data = { value: 5 };
changeValue(data);
console.log(data.value); // 15 (changed)
Why?
obj refers to the same object in memory
So modifying it changes the original
👉 Think of it like giving someone a remote control to your TV — they can change it directly.

Primitive types store actual values, while non-primitive types store references to values.

🔥 Difference Between Primitive and Non-Primitive
Feature     	Primitive Data Types 🟢     	                            Non-Primitive Data Types 🔵
Definition	    Stores actual value	                                        Stores reference (address)
Examples	    number, string, boolean, null, undefined, bigint, symbol	object, array, function
Mutability	    ❌ Immutable (cannot change directly)	                   ✅ Mutable (can change)
Storage	        Stored directly in memory	                                 Stored as reference to memory
Copy behavior	Creates a new copy	                                         Copies the reference
Comparison	    Compared by value	                                         Compared by reference
Stored          Stack                                                        Heap

3.🔐 How to Secure a React App

❗ 1. Never store secrets in frontend
API keys, tokens, DB credentials → ❌ NOT in React or .env
Move them to backend (Node.js, etc.)
👉 .env in React is only for configuration, not security

🔹 2. Authentication & Authorization
Use JWT / session-based auth
Protect routes (private routes)
Role-based access control

🔹 3. Secure API Calls
Use HTTPS (very important)
Add authentication tokens in headers
Validate requests on backend


🔹 4. Protect Against CSRF
Use CSRF tokens (mainly if using cookies)

🔹 7. Secure Dependencies
Keep packages updated
Avoid vulnerable libraries

🔹 8. Use Environment Variables
Store only:
API base URLs
Non-sensitive configs

React apps can’t truly secure sensitive data because code runs in the browser. So secrets should never
be stored in the frontend, even in .env files. Instead, we handle sensitive logic on the backend,
use authentication like JWT, secure APIs with HTTPS, and prevent attacks like XSS and CSRF.

4.role based access
Role-based access control means restricting access to features based on user roles like admin or user.
The backend assigns roles and includes them in the JWT. On the frontend, we use that role to conditionally 
render UI and protect routes. However, actual security is enforced on the backend by validating the user’s role
before allowing access.

5.How do you use AI in your project to increase the productivity



9.garbage collection

11.websoket polling
12.react 19 features
//jest testing

//authination ,token

//micro frontend module fixed

//event emitter
// What is the purpose of Symbol in JavaScript? How is it used?
//Explain how memory is managed in JavaScript. What are garbage collection and memory leaks?
//authitication
//seo 
